---
title: I RUOLI
nav-icon: <i class="fa fa-users"></i>
bg: blu
color: white
fa-icon: users
safe: <i class="fa fa-medkit"></i>
permalink: i-ruoli
prev: sicurezza
post: i-dati-operai
---


An accurate definition of the role is crucial for a successful execution the project. Each site manager and each team leader has two first important duties: select its datahat squad and program their tasks inside one or more user stories. The site engineer is in charge of monitoring these low-level activities and harmonizes their performance. The executive and the designer should carefully listen to every hint or issues the site engineer draw their attention to. This is a reality-check and serves the purpose of validating the feasibility of the pulled request based on the organizational structure in place.

This section is of general interest and pertains to every level of the architecture.

#### <i class="fa fa-exclamation-circle"></i> Prescriptions

1. The executive should carefully evaluate each request before the cycle begins. 2. The site engineer should focus on compiling and monitoring the activities in progress. She is in charge of the backlog, that’s her major workspace; she should constantly evaluate the consistency between the activities and project’s goals. Finally she is in charge of reporting every communication of the site manager to the executive.3. The site manager is in charge of resources’ management. Her major role is to keep an eye on workflow’s progress. When it is needed, she must optimize activities of team leaders.4. No lazy datahat allowed in the building site. Datahat should always have a role in the bulldog process. If they don’t, then revision of their role is needed. 

#### <i class="fa fa-question-circle"></i> Preventions

1. Has the project been divided into user stories that have a clear beginning and end, that is, a clear time-frame?2. Is the executive autonomous in her choice?3. Is the site engineer internal or external to the executive’s organizational structure? 4. Is the site manager qualified to individuate, describe and suggest upgrade to the project based on team leaders feedbacks?5. Do datahat belongs to more than one team leader?
